add fusion types (#6713)
brimdata/zed: book/src/super-sql/aggregates/fusecomp.md

# fusecomp

compute a complete fused type of input values

## Synopsis

```
fusecomp(any) -> type
```

## Description

The _fusecomp_ aggregate function applies [type fusion](../type-fusion.md)
to its input and returns the complete fused type.  A complete fused type differs
from the regular fused type as it includes fusion types in the nested type hierarchy

> whever the mixed-type representation were required in the type fusion process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
whenever mixed-type representations were required in the type fusion process.
```

While the whever->whenever is a clear typo fix, the other changes are just a response to some singular/plural mismatch, but I'm not 100% sure how you intended it to be.
